[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Hey, welcome, everybody.
I really appreciate
you coming out
to see what's happening
here this evening,
and it should be very eventful.
I hope that what I present
to you tonight will give you
an insight to some of the ideas
Nikola Tesla had brought about.
I'm an independent
garage explorer.
My name is Michael Leas.
I've been doing this type of
research for close to 20 years
now.
Got inspired with crystal
radios a long time ago.
My dad gave me a
broadband radio.
Kind of thought it was really
cool to dial in and hear
the sounds.
So the main theme
tonight is Nikola Tesla's
electric universe.
And this information
underneath there
says a natural
regenerative energy system.
We're all searching for
that patterning of energy,
and in the process
of my research,
I ended up finding a
lot of different things
that gave me evidence that
that's a real reality that we
can do to transform our
magnetic electric fields.
Nikola Tesla, the
master of lightning.
If anybody has seen
some of the old footage
or even read some
of his books, he
knew how to cast
a lightning bolt.
And tonight, I'm not
doing that type of stuff,
because in the reading
of his information,
he was trying to tame
that and bring it down
to a usable process.
It wasn't about just
throwing lightning.
So when you're seeing people out
there doing large Tesla coils,
that's great.
It's great for display.
I have read
something at one time
that they mentioned that
Tesla coils were nothing more
than just a fantasy of Tesla.
That's not true.
He used it as an instrument
in part of a system
that he was building.
Let there be light.
Where we are today,
without Tesla,
we'd be still burning candles.
So talk about CO2 or what
everybody's worried about,
we'd be still
having whale blubber
and some of that type of stuff.
He harnessed electricity.
There were a lot of things
going on at that time, a hundred
years plus ago.
Michael Faraday found that
if you move a magnet in front
of a coil of wire, it
moved the electron,
and from that, so many
other things developed out.
Tesla took that idea.
Faraday was one of his idols,
and Tesla took that idea
in his own inspiration.
He was the thinker.
I'm trying to emulate or think
and follow what the masters are
doing or have done because
I believe every one of us,
if we truly want
to learn something,
learn what those
have already done it
and try to replicate
what they did,
but in your own variable
of that same theme.
So tonight, what I'm
trying to present to you
is this idea Tesla first had.
We live in electric
sea of energy,
and he thought of
the idea of the Earth
as part of the grounding
of his Wardenclyffe Tower.
And he developed a lot of
things when he was in Colorado.
With that inventive mind, he
brought through the information
on how to change or
transform electricity.
At that time, we had--
I'm sure that some
people have seen
some of the movie,
Edison and Tesla,
"The War of the Currents."
I haven't seen it yet myself,
but in my understanding,
at that time, Edison had DC.
So everything was running
on direct current.
Tesla knew of DC because,
really, AC is chopped DC.
DC is directional current.
AC is alternating.
Inside his lab, he
was in a quietude
of his own mind, his own ideas.
He produced some things
that yet to this day,
people are still trying
to understand what
he was doing with resonance.
Resonance, harmonics,
frequencies--
Tesla coils function
on those concepts.
It's all patterning of
how energy functions.
So to tie this back
into-- like my wife says,
sometimes I get carried
away in the ideas.
Then you gotta tie
it back to the self.
So why did I get into this?
I needed to learn about
healing, healing myself.
So in the process
of learning about
energy through
understanding frequency
and harmonics and different
in-phase, out-of-phase
condition that magnetism
and electricity present,
it taught me what I was
about inside myself.
So in his Colorado workshop--
I'm sure you've heard
some of the stories--
there is where
people were seeing
some of the lightning bolts.
He blew out the power
station in Colorado Springs.
When horses were
walking, they would
have-- because they had
the horse shoes on them.
There was a static charge is
that when they were walking,
you would see electricity
jump from their shoes
down to the ground.
So he was trying to tame that.
We see it as natural power.
Every one of us,
we've experienced it.
Electricity is there in the
universe for every one of us.
We feel it even in
our own heartbeat,
even though we see it as
a calming effect and all
these things.
We don't realize that it's
the very functioning process
of what we are today.
Can we harness this force?
It's going to take some bright
minds and people who are aware
not only of the
dangers, because you
can see what Mother Nature
in and of herself can do.
But it also takes that
concept of spirituality
because technology
without the mind
or without the spiritual
input of ideas,
all you're going to do is create
more havoc upon the planet.
We see what those things
unleashed to mankind
can do you look if the atomic
bomb, the idea of energy
transferring to mass and
all that type of stuff that
was there.
Tesla was against that
idea of splitting the atom.
And I think today,
we're at a crux point
to understand a new
physics, a new idea
of how this process of
electricity and magnetism
works not only
outside of ourselves,
but inside of ourselves as
an interdimensional form
of existence.
This is not child's play.
This is the real stuff.
When we're talking
about UFOs and what's
here and a different process
of healing of the spirit, which
really heals the body,
you have to learn
to develop into understanding
the high frequency, which
is spirit.
The ancients called
it [FOREIGN LANGUAGE],,
which was high-frequency
electricity.
So what does that mean?
Let me go back to this-- the
vision, the mystery, the past,
present, and future.
I believe, even in
electricity, you
have points of interaction--
positive, negative, past,
present, and future.
So when I started
this presentation,
that's already my past.
I'm in the moment,
and this is where
all interaction takes place.
I know there's things
to come in the future.
That is a principle
of energy, and once we
understand that, we can
get beyond time and space.
But until we understand
that and understand
how these things that are--
there are deep
physics equations,
but really, every one of us
already has it within us.
When you breathe and you
breathe in, you breathe out,
your heart functions
in a normal rhythm.
That idea is already inherent
within the process of man.
All we need to do is learn
what's really going on.
Stop, look, and listen.
That's all I've
been trying to do.
Shocked a few times, almost
knocked myself out a few times.
My wife is saying, what's
that sound in the garage?
Oh, I just discharged
a capacitor.
Sorry about that.
Free energy, the Wardenclyffe
Tower and wireless power.
There's a lot of
mystery about all that.
I do believe that
there is free energy.
Somebody came to the booth
earlier and asked me about it,
and I mentioned to
him, it's everywhere.
It's already here.
We're already in it.
You can do what you want you can
get up and start running really
fast.
Where'd you get that energy?
That was free.
So really, what
do we want to do?
Let's bring this to the
philosophical equation
that as a society,
what do we want to do?
It's not about having energy.
Energy is unlimited.
We do need electricity,
but you have
to transform all that to
build a better society.
So who has the vision
without just wanting
to run the bankroll?
We have to also
build the process
that that's part of the
development of our own society.
So there is an idea
that had gone around
that Tesla had a Pierce Arrow.
That was an electric
car that was
able to drive at like
90 miles an hour.
There's a few bits of
information that it's true.
Some of it may not be true.
But I do know--
I have a book.
I should have brought
it with me this evening,
but it was a patent
trial where Tesla talks
about this Wardenclyffe Tower.
Right now, that has been
repurchased by the Tesla
Society up in Long Island
where they actually
saved that from demolition.
They are going to
turn it into a museum,
and it's been in process.
There's a lot.
You can go and search about it.
But at that tower, Tesla in the
patent trial and all the things
were there.
He said he did run that,
but he didn't have the money
to keep it running.
He did a lot of
experiments with it.
Speculation is, he
had the device that
fit in the car that
received the frequency
vibration from that car through
the antenna that demodulated
down the energy that ran into
whether a storage capacitor
or batteries through that
induction of the radiant
field back down to
a usable current
to be able to run the wheels.
So if that's true, then
we are a hundred years
late on trying to get
electric vehicles.
We could be there.
At the time,
Standard Oil was one
of the bigger people
fighting against because we
had a means, a method.
Still to this day, gasoline
is the biggest bang
for your buck to be able
to get you somewhere.
We haven't really learned how
to harness the other forces.
So how can we fulfill the dream?
It's not just about Tesla.
You got to remember, there's
a lot of other people
that came around.
There were a lot of other
things that were going on.
He was not alone, but he became
shunned by society because some
of his outlandish ideas.
Even wireless electricity
was not really understood.
He was on the cusp
of understanding
what it was, and before he could
actually explain what he was
finding, they almost pulled the
plug on everything and said,
oh, we need to put
the meter on what's
just been running on the wires.
And that's kind of the
battle that's been going on.
Westinghouse was very
instrumental in bringing
about Tesla's idea to the
world in the alternating motor
and the generator.
Alternating current--
when Tesla harnessed
the process of the
Niagara Falls and they
built that power
station there and he
was able to transmit
electricity to,
I believe, it was the World
Fair at the time in Chicago
or wherever it was
at at that moment
and he was able to light
the place up with AC,
that put him on the map.
That put you and I on the
map, what we have today.
Not a lot of people
give Tesla the credit
of what he was really due in
the building of our society.
If you go and you read and
you're an electrical engineer,
not much is mentioned
about Tesla.
About nine years back, I went
and got my ham radio operators
license just because
I needed to know more.
And I'm not schooled
in any engineering.
I am a dropout from college.
I don't have a degree.
This is all just
hands-on experiments
with a lot of reading,
a lot of study,
and a lot of trial and error.
Thrown away a lot of stuff
because it didn't work.
But in the process
of finding out--
Tesla's kind of taboo in the
world because even on an ham
radio, talk to some of the guys.
They go, ah, yeah, Tesla.
He didn't know anything.
But they don't realize
that Tesla was really
the basis of why
you now have radio.
In the course of the whole--
what I brought up
about the trial,
it was a trial against Marconi.
Everybody knows that supposedly
Marconi sent the first signal
across the Atlantic.
Marconi was the originator
of radio, not realizing,
like what I'm doing today--
Marconi was sitting
in the audience
of Tesla's presentation
while Tesla ran the coils
and did what he did to
show wireless electricity
or whatever it may be, went
home, designed his own ideas--
conceptualization, just
like what I was doing--
and claimed to be the
originator because he
did beat Tesla to the
punch on dropping that S
or whatever it
was that picked up
the signal across the Atlantic.
That is true, but
Tesla had the concept.
He learned the
concept from Tesla.
History doesn't
really tell you that.
At least today, it's
starting to come out.
Tesla died before they
reversed the idea that he
was the originator of radio.
So fulfilling the dream--
part of this whole idea
is the science of energy.
It is a science, and we're going
to need to learn that if we do
want to advance
in our societies.
At least, that's my belief.
Electricity, magnetism, the
vortex, frequency, harmonics,
oscillation, sine wave,
and cyclic motion--
they all interact
with each other.
You can't have one
without the other
because all function in
some relative relationship
to each other.
The pattern emerges--
the atomic field.
We're all standing
on that field.
We feel it is hard,
but it is not.
It's an oscillation of a
vibration at a particular rate
that our body
cannot pass through.
So to say, masters like
Jesus or other people
could walk through walls.
Why?
Because they
understood the process
of transposition of their
own system as a spirit,
as an energy force.
So in experimenting
with Tesla coils, what
I found that we as individuals
have that same relationship.
None of this could be done
without understanding what's
going on inside ourselves.
We're a principle of
energy, and how you think,
what you do in your life,
interrelates that process
of that oscillation, of that
yin-yang sine-wave vortex
that you are.
You're just receiving things
through your eyes, your ears,
your senses, but really,
it's feeding the information
to your own inner higher
self, if you want to call it.
That is really where life
exists, the inner kingdoms.
So why do I bring this out?
It's not scientific.
It's all philosophy.
No, it's not, because
if Mother Nature is
that pattern, that universal
spiral, and every person you'll
see here in the course of
slides has that pattern,
it means that we're
all connected up
to that interdimensional vortex.
So why does that matter?
Well, in the process of my
own quest, I wanted to know--
and that's why at
the beginning, I
put up brought up this thing
about a natural regenerative
energy system.
A sunflower, if you take one
seed, drop it to the ground,
water it, and grow it,
it's going to replicate.
It's going to regenerate its
own design to another sunflower
or even more.
So this one sunflower is going
to grow a field of sunflowers.
If we understood that
principle in using that concept
in regenerating magnetism
and electricity,
there's your free energy,
all the time, anywhere,
at any place.
So what is it?
What is that force?
And when you look at the most
efficient means and method
that nature provides, it's
that Fibonacci growth sequence
or the golden means
or the vortex.
It's in a nautilus shell.
It's everywhere if you
just begin to look and see.
So I took that idea,
knowing that, yes,
we're all born of starlight.
And I started thinking about
what can you do with that.
How do you do that?
And I thought, well,
heck, let's shape it
like Mother Nature's doing.
This kind of goes through,
again, the spiral of man.
We are at the fulcrum,
so in learning
about that information, it now
gave me the seed or the idea
to apply to a system.
And so tonight, what
I wanted to show is--
sitting on the
bench here, there's
a gear that's developed.
And I don't have the small one.
I already packed it away for the
ties, but it's a six-axis gear.
And that gear was based
on that Fibonacci design.
There's a vortex above it.
Let me get through
a few of these,
and then we'll jump across
to a few of those things.
But the human aura,
the magnetic biofield--
all things are going
on inside of us,
and I'm sure people want to
see what's happening here.
So I'm just kind of trying
to at least expose you
to this because without
this knowledge of knowing,
this is of non-use, OK?
We have to have both.
And we've lost that in
our educational values
or even in our systems.
We're not
understanding that it's
a symbiotic relationship
between body, mind,
and spirit in this society.
How do you feed the
masses, so to say?
What do you do?
We're at a quandary.
I remember years ago, there
wasn't as many people.
Now there's this amount of
people, so what do we do?
So we have to be thinkers.
I'm trying to
inspire and say, hey,
this is something
we can work with.
So the creative principles
and laws of science--
again, it comes down to
taking that information
and applying it to a structure.
These are some of the books
that I've researched into,
a man named Ernest Norman.
He was the founder of the
Unarius Academy of Science,
and some of you may
know of him or not.
But in some of the real
hardcore research beyond--
I broke away from
what they're doing
and delved deep into his ideas.
From that, I built that gear.
So a lot of people
have looked at him,
and there's been a lot of
controversy around what
has come and gone.
But the works that that man
had brought through is unknown.
This is something that
was out of that book.
"We cannot deny the existence
of great spiritual worlds beyond
this third dimension.
In fact, any form of substance,
even the existence of man
himself, would be
but a hollow mockery,
a useless and unintelligent
freak of happenstance,
unless there were such
great worlds beyond this.
Like all things, large or small,
the Earth and all its creatures
have been created from this
sublime spiritual stuff.
Each thing, though it
may appear different,
is a highly developed
organized systems
of tiny solar systems of
energy and in turn claim
as their parent
the very substance
of the infinite mind."
There's your free energy.
There's your electricity.
How do you tap that?
Mimic Mother Nature,
the only answer
I've ever been able to find.
That's Ernest Norman himself.
I truly believe he
was an advanced being,
just like Tesla.
And if you look at--
I have to go back
to it, but I had
a picture of Leonardo da
Vinci at the beginning
with the flying machine
that Leonardo thought about.
Nikola Tesla, I believe, could
have been the reincarnation
of Leonardo da Vinci.
He was into wanting
to fly, similar ideas.
So we all transmigrate
through time and space
to evolve not only
on this planet,
but through other
realms of existence.
We learn from those
realms of existence,
bring back to this
world to try to help
mankind, who are struggling
along in the ideas.
That's some of the concepts that
Ernest Norman brought through.
Again, that's a pattern
of that movement
of the sine wave, which helped
me understand how Tesla coils--
Tesla coils helped me learn
to understand that there's
a movement of that sine wave.
Life and death is a
movement of the sine wave.
The in and out breathing is
the movement of that sine wave.
That's his wife, Ruth Norman.
Fascinating information--
it's a hard delve into it.
Buckminster Fuller-- another
one who found the same pattern.
Synergetics-- a
name for geometry
advanced based on the pattern
of energy you saw in nature.
Buckminster Fuller
Institute-- geodesic dome,
a natural pattern.
So I'm trying to draw you into
the point of what's going on,
OK?
So I took those ideas of
that spiral and that vortex,
and I had two cones that were
basically funnels that I bought
at the Home Depot, duct taped
magnets onto them in a spiral.
Why?
Because that's what
I felt was, OK, well,
if Mother Nature--
let's try this.
It didn't work.
[GROANS]
Let's try it again.
So I taped them on there again,
tried to do three spirals.
1, 2, 3.
They were all
positive orientated
where the positive
magnets were on there.
Tried to put them
in the next one.
Didn't work.
So after numerous
trial and errors,
I found that if they
were in the pattern--
again, I had lost
sight that there
is a pattern in the universe.
In one of Dr. Norman's
books, he talks
about how NASA
transposed or found
that there are arms of energy
that come off the sun--
positive, negative,
positive, negative.
There's four arms
when you really
delve into it, the same
that Fibonacci spiral.
So I took that idea--
positive, negative,
positive, negative--
on those two cones, and voila.
I got spin.
I got two of them to spin.
So once I figured
that, it delved
me deeper than I felt that I
was on a track of something,
that magnetism could be shaped.
And right now, we
see in our own ideas
of what school teaches you--
there's another
guy, Howard Johnson.
I don't know how many of
you have ever heard of him.
He brought out a theory that
there's a double polarity
vortex in a magnet.
I 100% believe he was right.
We do not know that
today in our schooling.
He's kind of a lost treasure.
He passed away, I think,
in like 2008 or something.
But he stated that there was
a vortex within the magnet.
There's not much
writings about him,
but he did map the
magnetic fields.
That helped me so much because
once I theorized and said,
somebody else has got
to find the same thing,
he was one that helped me
find that similar idea.
There is that force,
again, bringing out
this whole idea of the vortex.
We can't miss it.
It's right in front of us.
So electricity brings
us to the Tesla coils.
So at the moment,
I think everybody's
been trying to say, OK, so
what really is going on?
So to bring it down--
and I must step off here
just so you could see.
This is what I developed
over the course of time.
I had two of these that were--
two cones that I put
the magnets around.
Now, I finally got
those two to work.
I figured that, well,
heck, if two can work, then
I can do four.
So I made all four of
them exactly the same,
not realizing there's
another pattern.
If we go back to the
idea of the sunflower,
there's a clockwise
spiral, and there's
a counterclockwise spiral.
Oh, why didn't I know that
from the beginning where
I spent so much time trying
to get the thing to work,
not realizing--
follow the pattern.
So once I followed the pattern,
I got the four to work,
not realizing, oh, you
can get six to work.
You can't do it with
a mechanical gear,
but you can do it
with a magnetic field.
So to run this-- let me shut
this off so you kind of see
some of the ideas.
A little bit of a
spin, a run up--
right now, we're
taking electricity.
[MACHINE WHIRRING]
It has a pulse coil
that drives magnets.
So everybody knows
that a positive field
and a positive field repel.
A positive field and a
negative field attract.
So on using those ideas,
I have positive coils
pushing the vortex at
the top, driving them
at a consistent pattern of--
there's a little
electronic eye that
tells when that coil
should turn on and off.
So by seeing that,
I found that I
could turn those two coils
on and drive the four
outer coils--
combs, I should say.
So let me shut this down just
for another moment because--
the motor's off.
It's running on a
12-volt battery.
It's not a perpetual
motion machine.
It's a theory of what
could be possible.
So when I started falling down
the rabbit trail of saying,
oh, there's something here.
There's something going
on, I have a theory now
that leads me to the next stage.
This worked, OK?
So by building the motor, I
now have a motor generator.
The outer coils that are
around this are the generator,
and in a moment, I'll show
there's enough electricity
to run this Tesla coil, which
then you can kind of see
some of Tesla's ideas.
We have a single
wire with no return.
So this comes out.
In the Wardenclyffe Tower,
he had taken that tower,
grounded it to the Earth.
If you look in some
of his drawings,
he did other experiments
other than just grounding it.
So I followed that experiment,
kind of reversed it back,
took a single wire off the base,
which normally goes to ground.
And so he theorized that on
another part of the planet,
you could dip a ground
rod into the ground,
which this is my ground.
And you could have
electricity run.
This is a single
wire, no return, OK?
In our electrical
grid right now, we
have a common, a
hot, and a ground.
So one goes out,
and one comes back.
Supposedly, the load is
somewhere in between.
So we have processes
of where we're
trapped in our electrical
grid because we
have fires that happen
because the wires spark
and all these type of things.
Well, if we were to do
something and use a ground
current and/or take it
to an even higher level
of understanding-- is to take
what comes off as a Tesla coil,
turn it into a laser
or a beam of light,
run that to another demodulating
step-down transformer.
You now have no wires.
Wind can blow all it wants.
It doesn't even matter.
But you're transferring it
through the ether of space,
which they have cast out and
said, the ether does not exist.
Supposedly, it's not there.
We live in a sea of energy.
There is a medium
between you and I.
It has to be there for
the vibration of my voice
to travel along a wavelength
of energy so in your earlobes,
you can pick that up.
We've developed that process
to say, OK, now I can hear you,
but not realizing the
principle or the physics
that goes behind that.
It's deep.
We're moving that energy.
That's what evolution
has taught us.
So let me turn this
back on, run it up.
The theory that-- and the thing
that I found in the course
of this in--
let's bring it to what's
going on in today's world--
is we're at a process to where
if we don't use electricity,
it's lost.
They generate it.
You either have to
store it or use it
because if you
don't store it, you
can't use it at a
later time because it's
an instantaneous motion of that
movement of that electron, OK?
They're starting to
develop flywheel systems.
In my research of
flywheels, what I found
is that this is my flywheel.
Flywheels have a problem.
It's like a gyroscope, where
once they're up and running--
everybody has felt a gyroscope.
You can't turn it because
it always wants to stand up.
Well, I found in this system
that you can take this and turn
it on any axis that you want.
It cancels out the
gyroscopic effect.
Why is that important?
You can now put a flywheel
on a moving platform,
and it doesn't matter.
Before, trying to put a flywheel
on a car, if you want to turn
left, it always wants to
go right because you're
trying to stand up.
Those are the forces
of nature that we are
needing to learn to understand.
The gyroscopic,
gravitational pulls,
whatever you want to call it,
is really the centrifugal force
of the influx of that vortex.
Now, you have the
centripetal, which
is the out-kick of that vortex.
There's your vortex
idea once again.
So now that the
system's running,
there's enough power that's
generated from the magnets that
are going by the coils.
Gives me close to 110 coming
out of those coils, which
is now running into this Tesla
coil, which is a transformer.
It's taking that electricity
and stepping it up
to high voltage, high
frequency, low amperage.
When I turn on the switch,
you can see over here
on the far end, single
wire with no return lights
the motor, turns on this system.
And then you can also see,
this one got bumped on the way
through.
We have a wireless light.
So what it states is that I
have now energized the field.
It's called the "near field,"
which is in electronics.
So there's a certain point
that this is radiant, too.
But it's the reality of
what Tesla was trying to do.
So you notice when I
move this out of there,
this was the slave that
was drawing the energy.
It's a principle-- they'll
probably shut it off.
Well, they've got to
become in resonance.
So everything has
to be in resonance.
This is part of what I
learned and developed
over many, many hours of
trying to get this to run.
The Tesla coils that I've
seen that are around--
so it shows that the single
wire is electric everywhere.
So in a small experiment
in my garage, what I found
is that you could charge a cell
phone walking around with this.
But what you have to do is
you've got to be able to put
the design of this coil
small enough, down small--
it fits in there--
so you have a multiple
sender, whether it's
in the middle of
a room somewhere
in the center of your
house like a chimney.
Wrap your house
with a single wire,
whatever it might need to
be, some conceptual idea.
You could walk around anywhere
and have a wireless light
and dial it with a
potentiometer, wherever
it might be.
You're no longer
having to plug in.
Isn't that what we want to do?
Isn't that free energy?
It's an idea.
This was some, on a
small, small, small scale,
of what I conceptualize of
what Tesla was trying to do.
So where am I going with this?
Why do I even have
a passion about it?
What does it matter?
Will it ever go anywhere else?
Well, last year I was
issued a patent on the gear.
So it has multiple uses.
If you think about in
medicine right now,
we have a situation
where you have a disease,
and you don't want something
else to catch the disease.
So you have to separate it, OK?
Somehow, you have to have
a centrifuge that turns,
but you don't want
somebody interact with it.
So with magnets, you
can move something
on the other side of a wall
just by the oscillation.
So you could turn a centrifuge
on another side of the wall,
isolate something.
That's a process of another
principle of isolation,
selectivity, which are
all of the elements
that you have to have.
These coils are somewhat--
I don't have a scope
or all the things
that the electronic
engineers have.
If this was done with
proper instrumentation
where everything was
precision, wound,
set up, and done
correctly, I can
imagine the efficiency you might
be able to get out of this.
I don't know.
I'm just an experimenter,
but I found some things
that I thought, wow, this is
pretty interesting for a garage
explorer.
Finding it on
YouTube, I have yet
to find other people
who are running motors
off a Tesla coil.
I see a lot of lightning
coming off of them,
but you gotta look really
deep in Tesla's research
of his Colorado Springs
notes where he says,
that is an ill effect
that I don't want.
So once I understood that--
and I closed down the gap,
which this is up in front.
It's a gap that the spark jumps
across through the capacitor
and how it's all
set up through--
those that are into
understanding how that works
is a resonant tank circuit.
Yeah, I closed that off.
He's stated that if you
really want to build a system,
you have to be
inclusive of the load.
That's my load.
So I tuned the gap
to what my load
is because when I open that
gap, these things won't work
because it sparks too much.
I lose my potential out
the top of the Tesla coil.
I don't know how many
people have found that,
but it's something that
I discovered on my own
through my own experimentation
and reading and writing.
[APPLAUSE]
So other people,
have you-- anybody
heard of Walter Russell?
OK, if you look at this diagram
from 1934, it has that vortex.
Walter Russell met
Tesla, and there's
correspondence between
that are archives
of the now University of
Science and Philosophy Center.
A lot of Walter Russell's
stuff was in storage.
They had some situation happen
and lost a lot of money,
and the stuff was just
placed in storage.
There is tonnage of
stuff they have moved,
and they now have a museum.
And from that museum, they
also found some other things.
There's an optical
dynamo generator
that he had worked on that was
based upon building coils that
were in a vortex.
Supposedly, there's a--
I don't know if it was Raytheon
or one of the big high-tech
companies at that time--
picked up on the idea.
Never know if it
went anywhere or not.
The blueprints to creation--
the cube and the sphere
are the sole working
tools of creation.
When you get down to
what's going on in crystals
and other elements, they flow
into that vortex, which creates
a pattern of a crystal, OK?
To me, in another theory
that I was working on,
is that if you have
a magnet in your hand
and you take it apart, so
to say, reverse engineer it,
what does it look like?
That.
This.
I've shaped the field as
a spiral inside a spiral
into a vortex.
That is what we
don't see or what
we do see in science because
they map it with a compass,
and it shows that there are
field lines that go around.
There's a dead
zone in the middle,
not realizing that that
dead zone actually comes
to the center, comes down to
the bottom, back up to the top,
and around, not necessarily
just a figure eight,
but like the clover design, OK?
So that clover design
was the discovery.
I believe that there is
that pattern of energy.
I was trying with
another friend of mine
to make a fidget spanner so I
could have them here and maybe
sell them to people,
but it's really hard
to have somebody manufacture
something for you.
So you could all have one and
buy one and take one home.
That was kind of the idea.
It was too much to try
to make it come together.
But the discovery led me
to the spiral-beveled gear,
and like I say, the canceling
of gyroscopic forces.
This could be used.
This is really what
this looks like.
So you have this vortex and this
vortex, and on each of those,
there are four spirals.
There's a positive and
a negative running up
that vortex, and
in that, there's
also a clockwise spiral and
a counterclockwise spiral.
And they all have to
synchronize where it
becomes one movement of energy.
Last year, I was awarded
a patent on the design
and the process of it.
So it brought it to the reality
that some of the theories
that I were thinking about--
it was new and novel that
something had never been done.
So it made sense, and it proved
the theory of the reality
that there is a regeneration
of the magnetic field
and electric field.
At least, it did to me.
It talked to me in my own head
of saying, I'm on the trail.
So here, it just brings out--
I've had this idea of the
Magnevex research project.
The Magnevex stands for the
magnetic electric vortex.
I think that will be
the key to unlocking
the idea of free energy or
moving us into the future
because the
principle-- and that's
what I want to bring out.
It's the principle of
how these things function
in nature that could
be adapted to multitude
arenas inside the
kingdom, not necessarily
just for a generator or
electricity and that type
of stuff.
But it could be applied to
how we do things in society,
even the movement of how
our financial systems work.
You have to have the yin.
You have to have the yang.
You have to have the exchange
and the polarity balance
across that fulcrum.
Without that, it won't work,
and that's what we're seeing.
So there has to be
the conceptualization
of that information,
not just on one facet,
because it's a multifaceted
process that we're involved in.
Our food systems are
rapidly decaying.
We're trying to do it
with genetic engineering.
Could be some good
things to that,
but if it's done along the
lines of the process of what
Mother Nature is building as
and we use that as an example,
that's the whole concept
of this idea here today.
Take what Mother
Nature has and try
to take from that
information that is
available to be seen by anyone.
Just go walk outside into the
forest and see what's going on.
Be observant of
that information.
Say, what if, and how can I?
I'm not schooled in
any of this, so it
shows that any one
of you with an idea
and a spark, if you pursue
it, you can find that dream.
Hopefully, this was
inspiring for you.
I know it was a long time to
hang out and wait onto a Sunday
evening.
Well, hopefully it
was enlightening
that there are things that are
out there that people theorized
on.
I tried to do on a small scale
a little proof of concept
that there is some
wireless electricity,
and Mother Nature is the
inherent design inspiration
that we can live and build from.
[APPLAUSE]
So all right.
Thanks for coming.
I appreciate it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]